Uh-huh.
Fu Yanchen helped me yesterday
Why don't you make a love bento and thank you?
Here are three options
So let me show you the first option.
This data brings the previous technology from growth to stagnation
Hello
Hello Mr. Feng
I have arrived at the construction site where you work.
To thank you for saving your life yesterday
I made you a love bento
Come out and get it. What?
Wait a minute, I'll come to you right away.
The meeting is adjourned
Why did the meeting end?
This kind of meeting, oops, forget it, what's going on?
Teacher Tao, wait a minute
Your fastest speed
Get me a construction site suit
Be quick yes
The order prepared by Mr. Feng for you
Thank you.
Isn't this watch the one in the Patek Philippe advertisement?
I made millions.
Oops, forgot to take it.
This is fake.
Men love face more
Ah!
Are your shoes genuine leather?
look
This is also fake. 99 yuan free shipping.
This year's
The replicas are getting better and better.
It's okay to keep it.
Almost left
But we don't usually use these things
You go to work even more
How about this?
Well, to prevent you from spending money indiscriminately.
I'll keep the salary card for you.
Salary card uh oh
Let me take this.
Hello, Song Zhaozhao's mother?
Song Zhaozhao got into a fight with a child at school
Is it convenient to come over?
Ah, I'll be right there
Something happened to Zhao Zhao at school
I have to go quickly. I'm leaving first.
Chaochao doesn't look like he will fight with people casually
Nothing will happen, I'll go and see